“Great news! Wei Wu Xian is dead! ”Not a day had passed since the siege of Mount Luan Zang, when good news spread among the spellcasters with the speed of wildfire. Order. "Elder Yi Lin is dead? Who could kill him? "" The atrocities of his kinsman were ended by none other than his shidi, Jiang Cheng. It was he who led the Four Great Orders: Yun Meng Jiang, Lan Ling Jin, Gu Su Lan and Qing He Nie and destroyed the Elder Yi Ling's lair - Mount Luan Zang. ”“ What a clever elimination, I must note! ”
"And there is. Finally, we were able to exterminate the filth. ”“ If it had not been for the Yun Meng Jiang Order, which accepted and trained him, they would have been acting out on the street and committing atrocities for the rest of their days. The head of the Jiang clan raised him as his own son, and in gratitude he renounced them, covered his clan with indelible shame and brought him almost to complete destruction. A classic example of a brat that bites the hand that fed him. ”“ Jiang Cheng has let his friend live for too long. In his place, I would not just crush him.
In truth, I would thoroughly check all of the Jiang Clan's students once again to make sure he didn't find a way to somehow continue his dirty deeds. Who cares about the 'credit of trust' that he gave to his childhood friend. ”“ All this is just gossip. Although Jiang Cheng was one of the first in the ranks of the attackers, it was not he who finished him off. Wei Wu Xian chose the Path of Darkness, and it responded to him: he was torn into small pieces. ”“ Hahahahaha ... This is karma. His ghostly soldiers were like rabid dogs, tearing apart anyone in their path. But in the end, they turned their fangs against their master. Serves him right! "
“He really lost his mind.” “But if Jiang Cheng did not know Wei Wu Xian's weakness, the siege would not have succeeded. Have you already forgotten about the powerful artifact that helped him to destroy three thousand spellcasters in one night? ”“ And I heard about five thousand. ”“ It's good that just before his death, he destroyed that artifact. Otherwise, there would have been no end to his sins. ”“ But once Wei Wu Xian was one of the most gifted spellcasters. He came from an eminent Order and showed his talents at an early age. How did he manage to end his life so badly? "" This once again confirms that the caster must follow the correct Path.
The practice of the dark arts seems seductive only at first glance. See how he ended up? Not even a whole corpse remained of him. ”“ But the Path of Darkness is not to blame for everything. Wei Wu Xian himself was a rather wicked person. Each, one way or another, will be rewarded according to his deeds; as it comes around, so it will respond. ”This is how the townsfolk talked after the death of Elder Yi Lin. Almost everywhere they talked about the same thing, and any attempts to look at history from a different angle were unsuccessful. However, there was one thing that worried everyone, but no one dared to say it out loud. No one could invoke the soul of Wei Wu Xian, which meant, that his soul disappeared without a trace. Maybe the ghostly soldiers tore her to pieces and devoured her? .. Or maybe she still managed to escape? .. It would be nice if the former. Although, on the other hand, no one doubted Elder Yi Ling's ability to move mountains and drain the seas. 
But if there was a second option, then sooner or later his soul will be reborn. And when that day comes, spellcasters from all over the earth, or even the whole world, will face the most merciless and vindictive spawn, plunging everyone and everything into the abyss of chaos and despair. Various clans have established one hundred twenty-one stone creatures on the top of Mount Luan Zang. Whole Orders tried to invoke his soul and strictly watched all cases of seizure of bodies by evil spirits around the world. A year passed. Nothing happened. The second passed. Nothing happened. A third passed. Nothing happened ... It was the thirteenth year. Still nothing happened.
Little by little, people began to believe that Elder Yi Ling was wiped off the face of the earth. Although he was able to destroy this world, in the end he himself was destroyed. No one can stay on top forever - myths remain myths.
The hefty kick made Wei Wu Xian open his eyes. “Stop pretending to be dead!" Fighting a fit of nausea, Wei Wu Xian thought, “You are incredibly brave to allow yourself to hit me, Elder.” For many years he had not heard even an ordinary human voice, let alone such a loud and piercing screech. His head was spinning, and the words buzzing echoed in his ears: “Think about this! Whose land do you live on ?! Whose rice are you eating ?! Whose money are you spending ?! So what if I get myself a couple of your little things ?! They belong to me anyway! ”The sound of that quacking youthful voice was interspersed with the dull metallic thud of rummaging chests and the slamming of objects on the floor. Gradually, Wei Wu Xian's gaze cleared, and a dimly lit ceiling appeared in front of his gaze, against which the distorted figure of an unhealthy-looking youth rose. He spoke quickly and eagerly, splashing Wei Wu Xian with saliva, “How dare you tell your mother and father? Do you think that at least one living soul in this house will listen to you? Do you think I was scared of you ?! ”Several men, who looked like servants, approached the young man:“ Young master, by your order everything is destroyed. ”The young master was surprised:“ How did you manage so quickly? ”“ There are not many things in this shack ", - was the answer. The young man was quite satisfied with this and now waving his hands and poking Wei Wu Xian with a finger:" At first you dared to berate my parents, and now you are lying on the ground pretending to be dead! For what? As if someone wants your rags! Well, let's see how you now report me for the destruction of your shack! Are you so proud just because you have perfected your body and spirit for several years? How did you like it when you were kicked back like a mangy dog? ”Wei Wu Xian wearily thought,“ I’m not pretending to be dead at all. I was really dead for several years. "" Who is this? "" Where am I? " Having once again viciously kicked him at the end, the young man with the air of a pompous turkey left the shack, loudly slamming the door. “Look both out and don't let him go outside this month! He still lacked to be blissful again! " He ordered loudly.
The footsteps died away in the distance, and there was silence. Wei Wu Xian thought it would be nice to get up, but his legs refused to hold and he had to sink back to the floor. Then he rolled over on his side, making himself comfortable, and stared painfully at the outlandish surroundings and the heaps of rubbish on the floor. A little to one side he noticed a bronze mirror, which had probably fallen during the pogrom. Wei Wu Xian reached out with his hand and looked into his new, deathly pale face with cheeks asymmetrically smeared with something red. Add a bloody scarlet tongue sticking out here, and an excellent ghost of the gallows would come out. He tossed the mirror aside and rubbed his face furiously with his hand, relieved to find a crumbling white powder.
Well, fortunately, his new body was not the same from birth - those were the quirks of its former owner. No doubt it was a man, but nevertheless, a man with makeup, and very inept. Ugh, just incredible! ”From surprise, Wei Wu Xian was able to finally sit up and notice a circular magical field beneath him, which was scarlet in color and rather uneven, clearly hand-drawn and in blood, still damp and emitting a characteristic scent. The field was riddled with crooked scribbles of spells that were smeared with his body here and there, but that did not cease to be less ominous. And yet Wei Wu Xian was the Supreme Head and Master of the Devil Cult, so he was no stranger to such eerie magic fields.
It turns out that he did not capture anyone's body - it was offered to him. This ritual was long forgotten, and, judging by the magic field, it looked more like a curse. The caster made several cuts on his body, drew a magic field with blood, wrote spells and sat in the center of the circle. Then he summoned an evil spirit of exceptional rage and power and asked for the fulfillment of the wish. The price for this was the caster's physical body, surrendered to the spirit, and his own soul returned to earth. This was a forbidden practice, the opposite of the violent capture of the body - his sacrifice. Due to the complexity of the implementation, very few tried to perform this ritual. In addition, there are hardly any desires of such strength that they will force a person to voluntarily give everything that he has. For thousands and thousands of years, there have been only three or four reliable and documented cases. And the desire of all, without exception, was one thing - revenge. Wei Wu Xian refused to accept it. Firstly, since when did he turn out to be "an evil spirit of exceptional rage and power"? The fame of him, of course, went bad, and he died a terrible death, but still he never pursued the living and did not seek retribution. He could swear that he was the most harmless wandering ghost in history, but the main problem was that as soon as an evil spirit entered the caster's body, the contract was automatically concluded.
The spirit was obliged to fulfill the desire of the summoner at all costs, otherwise the curse will take effect: he will be completely destroyed without the possibility of rebirth. Wei Wu Xian raised his hands and made sure that both of his wrists were cut crosswise several times. Then he untied his belt, threw open his black robe and bared his chest and abdomen, completely covered with lacerations inflicted by something sharp. Although the bleeding had already stopped, Wei Wu Xian knew that these were not ordinary cuts. If he does not grant the caster's wishes, the wounds will not heal. Moreover, over time they will get worse and worse until the contract expires and his body and soul are torn apart forever.
