People tend to stop moving when pressure is put on them or they become anxious.
- Th-this!
The hands of the old man holding the mirror were trembling.
- Oh my God.
Guardian Knight Jeet thought it was one of those moments.
"Such a big snake, no, a monster."
So far, he has heard a lot of information about what Cale was doing. Although he was not an elf, Cale was the one who helped the elven village of the Ten Finger Mountains. He could hear a lot about him because he was associated with the elves in many ways.
This thought crossed his mind every time he heard any news.
"He is awesome".
This person is amazing.
That was his only thought.
That's why he thought Cale would be great during this battle too.
At least that was what he vaguely expected.
But he was at a loss when he saw it with his own eyes.
He was so shocked that he froze in place for a moment.
Jeet saw that Alice's three subordinates were as shocked as he was.
However, this was only for a short moment.
All this lasted one, maximum, two seconds.
However, this short moment of hesitation may be long for someone else.
It really has been a long time for Cale and the stone imugue.
Everything in their path was destroyed.
The maze collapsed, falling without any resistance.
As for Cale, he sat on the neck of a stone monster.
"He looks worried."
At that moment, someone approached Jeet.
- He's always like that.
Tasha patted Jeet on the shoulder and said it softly. He turned his head and looked around.
He saw other dark elves approach the other elves to say something to them.
- Mr. Jeet. We need to hurry up too.
The rest of the dark elves headed towards Cale.
The black skeleton of the monster carefully held Mary with both hands and moved quickly.
She heard the voices of the dark elves.
- Hahaha!
“It's not even a gold mine, it's a damn diamond mine. It's good that we are following the young master!
- That's why I work hard until I drop! Dead mana pours like rain!
“Shut up and quickly absorb the dead mana.
The dark elves were clearly enjoying the situation created by the large stone serpent.
- Damn, these stones! Hey, be careful! I think this stone snake has gone crazy!
- I know I know. Big sister, shouldn't we send our wind elementals to help the young master?
- Yes, that's exactly what I was thinking. Send forest elementals as well.
- Yes, ma'am!
Stones flying in different directions.
Dust filling the air.
They cleverly dodged everything or ran straight through and through, laughing loudly.
Mary gave orders to three of the four skeletons she collected as they moved through the maze.
- Escort them carefully.
The three large skeletons quickly ran forward and lowered their bodies.
The wooden dome that surrounded Jopis and the royal children was raised.
Hephee has already removed his shield.
The skeletons overturned the dome. The dome of the tree resembled a nest when it was turned over. Jopis understood Mary's intentions as soon as she saw what the skeletons were doing.
- Get in.
She led the royal children and entered the "nest".
Of course, some of the children hesitated.
- Hurry up! Things are good.
Bell, the youngest girl, with clear eyes, grabbed Jopis's hand, climbed into the nest, and motioned to the others.
“W-help me up.
The boy, whose hand was slowly turning black with dead mana, pointed to the nest and asked the other children to help him.
The rest of the children finally quickly climbed into the nest.
At that moment, they heard Alice's shrill cry.
- Stop him! Destroy this snake-like creature!
The middle-aged man and two old men quickly began making signs with their hands, while Alice jumped off the wall and landed in front of the children.
- How dare you move without my order!
Jopis noticed a red light emanating from Alice's hands, and the children's eyes clouded over.
Only Bell and the poisoned boy shook their heads in pain.
- Grrr!
At that moment, Fuzzy appeared and stood between Alice and the children.
- There is no need for an order.
Mary also appeared.
- Both illusionists and necromancers use dead mana.
Alice's answer was ignored.
Black threads tore from Mary's hands and quickly enveloped Alice.
It was a spider-like web that resembled lines on her body.
- Ugh! I won't let you!
Alice had to start making new hand signs to block this attack.
Mary did not miss this chance.
- Move them inside.
The skeletons reached out and quickly carried the children to the nest. Two of them held the nest together, while the third guarded them from behind.

Then they quickly rushed in pursuit of the imugi. Jeet and the elves followed the dark elves as they headed towards Cale. Of course, they were lagging behind due to dead mana.
- Damn it, die!
They heard Alice's angry scream coming from behind them as she freed herself from the black net.
- Crap!
Jeet felt a powerful force approaching from behind.
At that moment, he heard Cale's voice.
- Jeet! Stop the shamans!
The elves already understood their role and turned around when Cale gave the order.
The feather snake rushed towards them.
They were also approached by a large fiery tiger and a wind horse.
- Block them!
Jeet raised his voice and summoned his elemental.
His hand jerked back quickly.
- Charge!
The elves around Jeet drew their bowstrings and aimed arrows at the enemies.
Each shaman and his animals had different personalities and properties.
Elven archers also had different elemental attributes.
- Fire!
Arrows flew out of bows and flew towards the enemies as soon as Jeet gave the order.
- Go!
Elementals wrapped around each arrow.
Fire, water, earth, wind and wood.
Arrows with elemental strength grew larger and looked like living animals as they zoomed towards enemy creatures.
Soon they heard loud explosions.
- Ugh!
The middle-aged man with glasses frowned.
The back of his fiery tiger was slashed by a water arrow, and he stumbled.
The old man with the mirror grabbed him by the shoulder.
- Don't faint!
The wind horse and feather serpent trembled a little, but were still fine.
Jeet also confirmed this.
He was able to determine the approximate number of enemies.
In this case.
- Don't hold back! Hinder the shamans at any cost!
Jeet looked at the enemies and screamed.
“Y-you damned elves!
The old man holding the quill instantly frowned.
He heard the thunderous bangs and the crackling of the walls of the labyrinth breaking.
- Don't pull.
Alice jumped over the old men and ran along the walls of the maze.
- Attack the top of the walls!
The elves, who could not climb above the walls, obeyed Jeet's order and aimed at Alice.
The shamans naturally did not allow the elves to do whatever they pleased.
The frown on Alice's face grew stronger and stronger.
- This crazy bastard!
The maze continued to collapse.
Cale continued to move forward.
- W-man!
The invisible Hephi who followed the imugi's tail subconsciously screamed.
- Person! We should have done this from the start!
He felt renewed.
The six-year-old Dragon naturally began to work his magic, feeling this unexpected relaxing feeling within himself.
His magic created small holes in the walls of the labyrinth.
Imugi rushed into these holes.
Dead mana soared upward with an explosion.
- Cale-nim.
“Just sit back and keep your head down.
Cale answered sharply, and then opened his hands to meet the dead mana pouring towards him.
Cale, standing with open arms, heard Hephi's voice.
- Person! It's kind of awkward to look at, but it's the best pose!
"I'm embarrassed too."
Cale found this position awkward as he wasn't trying to show off or anything, but he had no choice. He couldn't allow dead mana to touch Hephi or Choi Han, and he also had to limit the amount of dead mana that comes into contact with the stone imugi.
{I'll burn it! This is a sea of ​​fire! Hahaha!}
The rose-gold fire that surrounded his body quickly consumed the dead mana around him.
The rose-gold ash soon began to fall on the imugi's body.
Choi Han, who was squatting behind Cale, shook off the ash and said.
- Cale-nim, this is very effective.
- Person! It's rare to see you so cool! I'll try this pose next time!
- Haa ...
Sighing, Cale shook his head.
However, he felt good.
He destroyed everything and quickly moved forward.
"We're almost in the center."
If Cale's map and Jopis's information were correct, they would soon arrive at the center of the maze.
Soon they will see the fake world tree.